docs/available-options.md, before:

title: How it works - Storelocator.js
description: The project includes a minimalist HTML structure example to start your Storelocator. All options are listed here and can be changed in the constructor

Storelocator contains many options to allow you to easily configure your map according to your needs. List of all options with their default values.

#### `apiKey`

`mandatory - default: string = ''`

Tells storelocatorjs the API key to use Google Maps API.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        apiKey: ''
    }
});
```

#### `webServiceUrl`

`mandatory - default: string = ''`

Tells storelocatorjs where is located the Node.js web service to get JSON store datas.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        webServiceUrl: ''
    }
});
```

#### `cluster.options`

`default: object`

Tells storelocatorjs marker clusters options. Documentation is available on [Google Developers](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/marker-clustering).

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        cluster: {
            options: {
                {
                    averageCenter: true,
                    gridSize: 50,
                    imagePath: 'https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples/markerclusterer/m',
                    maxZoom: 13,
                    minimumClusterSize: 2,
                    styles: [],
                    zoomOnClick: true
                }
            }
        }
    }
});
```

#### `cluster.status`

`default: boolean = false`

Tells storelocatorjs whether to enable the cluster of markers.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        cluster: {
            status: false
        }
    }
});
```

#### `debug`

`default: boolean = false`

Tells storelocatorjs whether to display the debug overlay.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        debug: false
    }
});
```

#### `geolocation.startOnLoad`

`default: integer = false`

Tells storelocatorjs whether to enable an auto geolocation request on page load.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        geolocation: {
            startOnLoad: false
        }
    }
});
```

#### `geolocation.status`

`default: boolean = true`

Tells storelocatorjs whether to enable the geolocation.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        geolocation: {
            status: true
        }
    }
});
```

#### `map.markers.width`

`default: integer = 30`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the marker width.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        map: {
            markers: {
                width: 30
            }
        }
    }
});
```

#### `map.markers.height`

`default: integer = 40`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the marker height.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        map: {
            markers: {
                height: 40
            }
        }
    }
});
```

#### `map.markers.styles`

`default: array`

Tells storelocatorjs what are the geolocation marker styles. The category `userPosition` is reserved to identify the geolocation marker.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        map: {
            markers: {
                styles: [{
                    category: 'userPosition',
                    colorBackground: '#4285f4',
                    colorText: '#fff'
                }]
            }
        }
    }
});
```

The array `map.markers.styles` can accept entries for each category to customize markers by category

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        map: {
            markers: {
                styles: [{
                    category: '1',
                    colorBackground: '#ff6600',
                    colorText: '#fff'
                },{
                    category: '2',
                    colorBackground: '#ffcc33',
                    colorText: '#fff'
                },{
                    category: '3',
                    colorBackground: '#ea4c89',
                    colorText: '#fff'
                }]
            }
        }
    }
});
```

#### `map.options`

`default: object`

Tells storelocatorjs marker options. Documentation is available on [Google Developers](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/3.37/map#MapOptions).

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        map: {
            options: {
                center: [46.227638, 2.213749],
                disableDefaultUI: false,
                fullscreenControl: true,
                mapTypeControl: false,
                mapTypeId: 'roadmap',
                scaleControl: false,
                scrollwheel: true,
                streetViewControl: false,
                styles: [],
                zoom: 6
            }
        }
    }
});
```

#### `requests.searchRadius`

`default: integer = 50`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the search radius in kilometers, when a search is triggered by the user.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        requests: {
            searchRadius: 50
        }
    }
});
```

#### `requests.storesLimit`

`default: integer = 20`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the limit of results return by the request. Use `0` to return unlimited stores, according to the JSON database.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        requests: {
            storesLimit: 20
        }
    }
});
```

#### `selectors`

`default: object`

Tells storelocatorjs what are HTML identifier (class or data attribute) for each elements. You can personalize them.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        selectors: {
            container: '.storelocator',
            formSearch: '.storelocator-formSearch',
            geolocButton: '.storelocator-geolocButton',
            inputSearch: '.storelocator-inputSearch',
            loader: '.storelocator-loader',
            nav: '.storelocator-nav',
            searchFilters: '[data-filter]',
            sidebar: '.storelocator-sidebar',
            sidebarResults: '.storelocator-sidebarResults'
        }
    }
});
```

#### `markersUpdate.limitInViewport`

`default: integer = 30`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the maximum of results in the main viewport when an auto-search is triggered. Zoom or move events may trigger an auto-search if user extends the area.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        markersUpdate: {
            limitInViewport: 30
        }
    }
});
```

#### `markersUpdate.maxRadius`

`default: integer = 150`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the maximum search radius in kilometers during an auto-search.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        markersUpdate: {
            maxRadius: 150
        }
    }
});
```

#### `markersUpdate.status`

`default: boolean = true`

Tells storelocatorjs whether to enable auto-search to refresh markers on area bounds changed. Zoom or move events may trigger an auto-search if user extends the area.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        markersUpdate: {
            status: true
        }
    }
});
```

#### `markersUpdate.stepRadius`

`default: integer = 50`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the search radius when the default search limit of 30 kilometers is exceeded. Zoom or move events may trigger an auto-search if user extends the area.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        markersUpdate: {
            stepRadius: 50
        }
    }
});
```

<script>
  ((window.gitter = {}).chat = {}).options = {
    room: 'store-locator/store-locator'
  };
</script>
<script src="https://sidecar.gitter.im/dist/sidecar.v1.js" async defer></script>

Commit message:

Clean and rename project name Add develop branch to deploy

docs/available-options.md, after:

title: How it works - Storelocatorjs
description: Storelocatorjs includes multiple options to personnalize the map

Storelocatorjs contains many options to allow you to easily configure your map according to your needs. List of all options with their default values.

#### `apiKey`

`mandatory - default: string = ''`

Tells storelocatorjs the API key to use Google Maps API.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        apiKey: ''
    }
});
```

#### `webServiceUrl`

`mandatory - default: string = ''`

Tells storelocatorjs where is located the Node.js web service to get JSON store datas.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        webServiceUrl: ''
    }
});
```

#### `cluster.options`

`default: object`

Tells storelocatorjs marker clusters options. Documentation is available on [Google Developers](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/marker-clustering).

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        cluster: {
            options: {
                {
                    averageCenter: true,
                    gridSize: 50,
                    imagePath: 'https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples/markerclusterer/m',
                    maxZoom: 13,
                    minimumClusterSize: 2,
                    styles: [],
                    zoomOnClick: true
                }
            }
        }
    }
});
```

#### `cluster.status`

`default: boolean = false`

Tells storelocatorjs whether to enable the cluster of markers.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        cluster: {
            status: false
        }
    }
});
```

#### `debug`

`default: boolean = false`

Tells storelocatorjs whether to display the debug overlay.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        debug: false
    }
});
```

#### `geolocation.startOnLoad`

`default: integer = false`

Tells storelocatorjs whether to enable an auto geolocation request on page load.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        geolocation: {
            startOnLoad: false
        }
    }
});
```

#### `geolocation.status`

`default: boolean = true`

Tells storelocatorjs whether to enable the geolocation.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        geolocation: {
            status: true
        }
    }
});
```

#### `map.markers.width`

`default: integer = 30`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the marker width.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        map: {
            markers: {
                width: 30
            }
        }
    }
});
```

#### `map.markers.height`

`default: integer = 40`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the marker height.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        map: {
            markers: {
                height: 40
            }
        }
    }
});
```

#### `map.markers.styles`

`default: array`

Tells storelocatorjs what are the geolocation marker styles. The category `userPosition` is reserved to identify the geolocation marker.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        map: {
            markers: {
                styles: [{
                    category: 'userPosition',
                    colorBackground: '#4285f4',
                    colorText: '#fff'
                }]
            }
        }
    }
});
```

The array `map.markers.styles` can accept entries for each category to customize markers by category

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        map: {
            markers: {
                styles: [{
                    category: '1',
                    colorBackground: '#ff6600',
                    colorText: '#fff'
                },{
                    category: '2',
                    colorBackground: '#ffcc33',
                    colorText: '#fff'
                },{
                    category: '3',
                    colorBackground: '#ea4c89',
                    colorText: '#fff'
                }]
            }
        }
    }
});
```

#### `map.options`

`default: object`

Tells storelocatorjs marker options. Documentation is available on [Google Developers](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/3.37/map#MapOptions).

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        map: {
            options: {
                center: [46.227638, 2.213749],
                disableDefaultUI: false,
                fullscreenControl: true,
                mapTypeControl: false,
                mapTypeId: 'roadmap',
                scaleControl: false,
                scrollwheel: true,
                streetViewControl: false,
                styles: [],
                zoom: 6
            }
        }
    }
});
```

#### `requests.searchRadius`

`default: integer = 50`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the search radius in kilometers, when a search is triggered by the user.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        requests: {
            searchRadius: 50
        }
    }
});
```

#### `requests.storesLimit`

`default: integer = 20`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the limit of results return by the request. Use `0` to return unlimited stores, according to the JSON database.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        requests: {
            storesLimit: 20
        }
    }
});
```

#### `selectors`

`default: object`

Tells storelocatorjs what are HTML identifier (class or data attribute) for each elements. You can personalize them.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        selectors: {
            container: '.storelocator',
            formSearch: '.storelocator-formSearch',
            geolocButton: '.storelocator-geolocButton',
            inputSearch: '.storelocator-inputSearch',
            loader: '.storelocator-loader',
            nav: '.storelocator-nav',
            searchFilters: '[data-filter]',
            sidebar: '.storelocator-sidebar',
            sidebarResults: '.storelocator-sidebarResults'
        }
    }
});
```

#### `markersUpdate.limitInViewport`

`default: integer = 30`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the maximum of results in the main viewport when an auto-search is triggered. Zoom or move events may trigger an auto-search if user extends the area.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        markersUpdate: {
            limitInViewport: 30
        }
    }
});
```

#### `markersUpdate.maxRadius`

`default: integer = 150`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the maximum search radius in kilometers during an auto-search.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        markersUpdate: {
            maxRadius: 150
        }
    }
});
```

#### `markersUpdate.status`

`default: boolean = true`

Tells storelocatorjs whether to enable auto-search to refresh markers on area bounds changed. Zoom or move events may trigger an auto-search if user extends the area.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        markersUpdate: {
            status: true
        }
    }
});
```

#### `markersUpdate.stepRadius`

`default: integer = 50`

Tells storelocatorjs what is the search radius when the default search limit of 30 kilometers is exceeded. Zoom or move events may trigger an auto-search if user extends the area.

```javascript
new storelocatorjs({
    options: {
        markersUpdate: {
            stepRadius: 50
        }
    }
});
```

<script>
  ((window.gitter = {}).chat = {}).options = {
    room: 'store-locator/store-locator'
  };
</script>
<script src="https://sidecar.gitter.im/dist/sidecar.v1.js" async defer></script>
